Updated images (#1210)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/queries/basic.adoc

The result shows that he has 13 outgoing relationships connected to 12 different `Movie` nodes (12 have the `ACTED_IN` type and one has the `DIRECTED` type).

> image::introduction-example1.svg[A Tom Hanks nodes connecting to Movie nodes via acted in relationships,width=600,role=popup]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::introduction-example1.svg[A Tom Hank Person node connected to Movie nodes via acted in relationships,width=600,role=popup]
```
